fix(curriculum): Allow more freedom of implementation in Todo App (#59624)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-localstorage-by-building-a-todo-app/64faca774fd9fd74bc084cc9.md

You should display the `Cancel` and `Discard` buttons to the user only if there is some text present in the input fields.

> To begin, within the `closeTaskFormBtn` event listener, create a `formInputsContainValues` variable using `const`, to check if there is a value in the `titleInput` field **or** the `dateInput` field **or** the `descriptionInput` field.

Reviewer: the legacy version should change too since we already started updating it

Author: ok

You should display the `Cancel` and `Discard` buttons to the user only if there is some text present in the input fields.

Start by removing the `confirmCloseDialog.showModal();` line.

Then inside the `closeTaskFormBtn` event listener, write some logic to check if there is a value in the `titleInput`, `dateInput` **or** the `descriptionInput` field.

If any of those input fields has a value, then use the `showModal()` method on `confirmCloseDialog`. Otherwise, if there are no changes, call the `reset()` function to clear the input fields and hide the form modal.

# --hints--

> The `confirmCloseDialog` should only show when there's a value in one of the `input` elements. Check your logic for any errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any of the input fields has a value, then the confirmation dialog should display. Otherwise, the `reset` function should be called.
```
